hi guys today I have a black spring
lookbook I know black right I love black
it's one of my favorite colors so I
wanted to feature these items that were
sent to me from a company that is on
Amazon and lately I've been obsessed
with Amazon so I'm going to be all links
to everything I'm wearing in the
description box below and you can go
there if you're interested in anything
I'm wearing in this video enjoy
thank you so much for watching this
video guys all of my social media links
will be below and remember you can
always find me on the natural
fashionista comm I put a lot of things
on there that don't make it to my
channel so make sure you check me out
there too
see you next time